`azurerm_resource_deployment_script_azure_power_shell` `azurerm_resource_deployment_script_azure_cli` - loosen version validation (#23370)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/resource_deployment_script_azure_power_shell.html.markdown

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the Azure Region where the Resource Deployment Script should exist. Changing this forces a new Resource Deployment Script to be created.

> * `version` - (Required) Azure PowerShell module version to be used. The supported versions include but not limited to `2.7`, `2.8`, `3.0`, `3.1`, `3.2`, `3.3`, `3.4`, `3.5`, `3.6`, `3.7`, `3.8`, `4.1`, `4.2`, `4.3`, `4.4`, `4.5`, `4.6`, `4.7`, `4.8`, `5.0`, `5.1`, `5.2`, `5.3`, `5.4`, `5.5`, `5.6`, `5.7`, `5.8`, `5.9`, `6.0`, `6.1`, `6.2`, `6.3`, `6.4`, `6.5`, `6.6`, `7.0`, `7.1`, `7.2`, `7.3`, `7.4`, `7.5`, `8.0`, `8.1`, `8.2`, `8.3`, `9.0`. Please refer to https://aka.ms/DeploymentScriptsTroubleshoot for more details. Changing this forces a new Resource Deployment Script to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `version` - (Required) Specifies the version of Azure PowerShell that should be used in the format `X.Y.Z` (e.g. `2.30.0`). Changing this forces a new Resource Deployment Script to be created.

-> A canonical list of versions [is available from the Microsoft Container Registry API](https://mcr.microsoft.com/v2/azuredeploymentscripts-powershell/tags/list)
```
